BINH TRAN
480 Clyde Building, BYU                                                                                               Phone: 0912664275
Provo, UT 84602, USA	     Email:TranBinhBen@gmail.com


EDUCATION   
Bachelor of Science in Electrical Engineering (BSEE)
University of Arkansas
Minor: Mathematics 
Overall GPA: 3.8
Graduation Date: Aug 2008
Master of Science in Electrical Engineering (MSEE)
University of Arkansas
Position: Research and Teaching Assistant
Overall GPA: 3.8
Graduation Date: Aug 2010
Doctor of Philosophy in Electrical & Computer Engineering (PhD ECE)
Brigham Young University
Position: Research and Teaching Assistant
Current GPA: 3.5 
 

AWARDS & SCHOLARSHIPS
PhD Fellowship - Brigham Young University
MTT-S IEEE Scholarship
Research Grant - Honors College
FIES Academic Scholarship
MLK Academic Scholarship
ICT Outstanding Award

HONORS
National Recognition Awards - Honors College 
Dean List & Chancellor list - University of Arkansas
Ambassador of Good Will – Arkansas State Governor
National Honor Society (GammaBetaPhi)
National Society of Collegiate Scholars (NSCS)
Honor society for Electrical Engineering (HKN) 
Poster Stone Coop Scholarship

LEADERSHIP EXPERIENCE 
Cross Culture Mentor - Group Mentor
International Culture Team - Core member
Vietnamese Immersion – Committee member
NWA American Red Cross- Outreach Committee Chair
Graduate Student Society (BYU-GSS) – Student Council

PROFESSIONAL MEMBERSHIPS 
Professional Development Institute (PDI)
International Students and Scholars Scholarship (ISS)
Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (IEEE) 

REASEARCH EXPERIENCE   
University of Arkansas, Fayetteville, AR 
Jun 2006 - Aug 2010
Microwave and Optics Laboratory for Imaging & Characterization
Dr. Vasundara Varadan, George & Boyce Billingsley Chair & Distinguished Professor in UARK 


Brigham Young University, Provo, Utah
Aug 2010 – Jan 2014
Satellite Communication (Linear Signal Inc.)
Dr. Karl Warnick, Linear Signal Chief Scientist & Professor in BYU
Materials Characterization (Raytheon Inc.)
Dr. Karl Warnick, Dr. Brian Mazzeo
Professors at BYU 
PROJECT EXPERIENCE  
●	Design and characterize microwave materials for medical imaging.
●	Simulate and test Focused-Beam antenna measurements.
●	Apply Microwave Imaging methods for object detection.
●	Design and optimization of RF devices Matlab, ADS, Empire, HFSS. 
●	Test and fabrication of RF devices.
●	Broad band, high efficiency Tx/Rx dielectric resonator antenna arrays.
●	Active steer-able antenna array.
●	Dual RHCP/LHCP circular antenna.
●	Maximum theoretical limit of aperture efficiency with numerical multi-modes sources.
●	Material characterization.
●	Electrodynamic model of low loss materials at microwave frequency, high temperature.
●	Radome-Enclosed Active Antenna Arrays.
●	Multipath and Monopulse Model for Radar System.

PUBLISHED PAPERS & CONFERENCES  
•	Measurement of Dielectric Properties of Tissue Mimicking Phantom Materials by Using Focused Beam Antennas, B. T. Tran, V.V. Varadan. IEEE Region 5 Technical Conference April 20, 2007.Arkansas, USA.
•	Non contact broadband free space measurements of the complex permittivity of biological tissues, T. Said, V. V. Varadan, B. Tran. The Bioelectromagnetics Society conference June, 2008. San Diego, California, USA. 
•	Broadband, High Efficiency Dielectric Resonator Antenna for Satellite Communications, Binh T. Tran, Karl F. Warnick. IEEE APS-URSI Symposium Jan 2013, Boulder, Colorado, USA.
•	High Efficiency Dielectric Resonator Antenna Array Feeds for Satellite Communications, Binh T. Tran, Karl F. Warnick. Communication section, IEEE Transactions on Antennas & Propagation (under review).


Work Experience 

Customer Service Partner Specialist    		
2024-2025                                  Concentrix Vietnam 
●	Ensure service delivered to our customers meets
●	Contractual Key Performance Indicator (‘KPIs’)
●	Clarify customer requirements; probe for
●	Understanding, use decision-support tools and resources
●	To appropriately provide resolution to the customer

Quality Control – Quality Assurance           
 2022-2023                            Black Diamond & Kizik
●	Assists in the creation of testing models for analysis of new product development and current production raw materials, materials in process, and finished products
●	Uses engineering fundamentals as well as the knowledge from real-world field experience, the quality control employee would ensure the quality of all products.
●	Performs the necessary inspection and testing of raw materials, materials in process, and finished products for new product development and current production raw materials, materials in process, and finished products.
●	Conducts statistical and graphical analysis of test data and determines product and component strength ratings while taking into consideration typical use, miss-use and abuse scenarios.
●	Assists in the fabrication and development of test fixtures for production monitoring.
●	Collects and records user feedback and provide information to design team in organized way
●	Maintains quality records systems for test, design, and product rating documents.
●	Helps to drive investigations, as necessary, as it pertains to current product proposed design changes, material qualifications or manufacturing investigations.                      


Shift Lead – Sale Manager              				
2018 – 2020                                            AutoZone
●	Assists Store Manager with supervising, training and developing store personnel
●	Assumes responsibility for the store operation and commercial department in the Commercial Sales Manager and Store Manager’s absence, on assigned shifts
●	Assists with management of the Commercial and Hub Departments, (as applicable), to ensure commercial accounts and stores are serviced and deliveries are made as promised
●	Delegates and ensures store merchandising tasks are completed in a timely manner
●	Operates cash registers and follows established cash handling duties, including but not limited to deposits, petty cash and lane accountability
●	Ensures all company policies, and loss prevention procedures are followed
●	Utilizes ZNET to help customers locate merchandise or find suitable alternatives
●	Maintains a safe working environment while ensuring AutoZoners are implementing those practices including PPE (Personal Protective Equipment)
●	Monitors cash flow, inventory and security control
●	Maintains sales productivity, store appearance and merchandising standards
●	Conducts and reviews all opening and closing procedures
●	Manages emergency situations and conduct proper emergency procedures
●	Follows proper accident procedures
●	Provides feedback regarding AutoZoner performance to the store manager
●	Assists with monitoring and managing all activities related to Risk & Safety Management to maintain a safe work environment
●	Addresses customer concerns and resolves them with a goal of turning a complaint into a compliment
●	Processes returns and effectively manages inventory
●	Communicates AutoZoner issues and concerns to the Store Manager in a timely and confidential manner
●	Motivates AutoZoners to provide WOW! Customer Service, enhance productivity level and market products to enhance sales and profits
